[docs] Run Grammarly on docs (#2187)
statelyai/xstate: docs/guides/effects.md

In statecharts, "side-effects" can be grouped into two categories:

> **"Fire-and-forget" effects**, which execute asynchronous side-effect with no events sent back to the statechart, or _send an event synchronously_ back to the statechart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**"Fire-and-forget" effects**, which execute a synchronous side-effect with no events sent back to the statechart, or _send an event synchronously_ back to the statechart:
```

This would change the meaning of the sentence.
